DOC-1564: Update documentation for table plugin changes (#2344)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/table-options.adoc

= Table options
:description: TinyMCE tables

== {productname} Table & Advanced Tables plugins

{productname} has built-in table functionality. However, there are two plugins that provide additional functionality for tables:

* Table is an open source plugin that provides improved table handling through UI components, including dialogs, context menus, context toolbars, menu items and toolbar buttons. For information, see the xref:table.adoc[Table plugin].
* Advanced Tables is a premium plugin that extends the xref:table.adoc[Table plugin] by adding advanced functionality, including sort options for rows and columns, and row numbering column functionality for tables. For information, see the xref:advtable.adoc[Advanced Tables plugin].

> IMPORTANT: The following options apply to the core table functionality and may also affect `table` plugin and `advtable` plugin functionality.

Reviewer: This section is perfect! 🎉 Thanks for this!

= Table options

> :navtitle: Table options

Author: Fixed

:description: TinyMCE tables

== {productname} Table & Advanced Tables plugins

{productname} has built-in table functionality. However, there are two plugins that provide additional functionality for tables:

> * Table is an open-source plugin that provides improved table handling through UI components, including dialogs, context menu, context toolbar, menu items and toolbar buttons. For information, see the xref:table.adoc[Table plugin].

Author: When I was writing it, I was conflicted on whether to make them plural or not. You are right that readability is better in this case so happy to make them plural.

> * Table is an open-source plugin that provides improved table handling through UI components, including dialogs, context menu, context toolbar, menu items and toolbar buttons. For information, see the xref:table.adoc[Table plugin].

Author: Fixed

* Advanced Tables is a premium plugin that extends the xref:table.adoc[Table plugin] by adding advanced functionality, including sort options for rows and columns, and row numbering column functionality for tables. For information, see the xref:advtable.adoc[Advanced Tables plugin].

IMPORTANT: The following options apply to the core table functionality and may also affect `table` plugin and `advtable` plugin functionality.

== Controlling how tables are inserted

> NOTE: Existing tables and tables added using `+setContent+` or paste are not affected by these options.

Author: We don't seem to link anywhere else in docs as far as I can see. Maybe we mention them like this?
```suggestion
NOTE: Existing tables and tables added by the `+insertContent+`, `+setContent+` commands/APIs or paste are not affected by these options.
```

> NOTE: Existing tables and tables added using `+setContent+` or paste are not affected by these options.

Reviewer 2: Not sure what you found, but we generally do... it might be old links that don't? For example: https://github.com/tinymce/tinymce-docs/blob/4949ba2cdf8fc5d289050fed6f7dc5763e886e68/modules/ROOT/partials/configuration/text_patterns.adoc#L12-L13

> NOTE: Existing tables and tables added using `+setContent+` or paste are not affected by these options.

Author: I was more referring specifically to links to the `setContent` and `insertContent` APIs. It makes sense to do that though so will update it

> NOTE: Existing tables and tables added using `+setContent+` or paste are not affected by these options.

Author: Have included the links to the API docs. Thanks for noting that
